1) As a developer, I want to be able to easily connect the product with external sources 
   so that we can account for any third-party companies the client works with down the line. 
   
2) As a developer, I want to be able to keep track of previous versions of the product
   in order to easily add and remove changes to the interface.

3) As a client, I want to be able to hold important information such as user accounts 
   all in one place so that I am able to keep track of it and easily access such information.
   
4) As a client, I want to be able to additionally market the product as an app on the mobile market
   in order to reach a wider audience.
   
5) As a customer, I want to be able to change the skin/design of the application to different
   themes so that I can choose one that appeals to me. 
   
6) As a client, I want to offer lots of customizable features about the product in order to
   appeal to a larger audience. 
   
7) As a client, I want to be able to display ads so that I can increase revenue. 

8) As an admin, I want my own login that allows me to make changes to the system so that I can
   edit features such as changing or adding ads. 
   
9)	As a user, I want a dashboard where the games are, so I can easily choose the game I want 
   to play.
   -Create a main dashboard with game choices.
   
10) As a client, I want the dashboard and games to have a lot of customizable options in order to 
    appeal to a larger audience.
    -Add customizable features like change of theme colors, order of buttons based on last played...
   
11)	As a user, I want a dashboard where my overall stats are shown, so I can easily see my 
      top scores for each game.
      -Display base stats for each game on dashboard
      
12)	As the client, I want a dashboard that doesn’t redirect me or produce popups as I don’t 
      want to lose us customers.
      -Create a main dashboard with layered canvases and choose to display which one
      
13)	As the client, I want each of the games to have an overall theme so that everything feels 
      like they belong together.
      -Create one cohesive theme that all games follow (retro)
      
14)   As a user, I want each of the games to have fun visuals as this will boost the coolness 
      of the system.
      -Add visual effects to all of the games
      
15)   As a user, I want to be able to see my overall stats while I play each game, so that I 
      can try to keep track of my best score and my current attempt.
      -Display main stats while playing the game including score, attempts, etc.
      
16)   As the client, I want the games to appear on the dashboard with some fun effect, so that 
      it boost the coolness of the system.
      -Add specialized effects based on the game on the dashboard
      
17)   As the client, I want the users to have to sign in prior to playing any games so that we 
      can keep track of who accesses our system.
      -Add a feature that requires users to sign in before playing
      
18)   As the client, I want the user’s stats to be stored in a cookie so that we can still use 
      a login system while we choose which database we want to use.
      -Create the login system that uses cookies to store information
      
19)	As the client, I want to allow customers to create their own username and password so that 
      they can easily adjust their account without needing any outside help.
      -Allow the user to create their own username and password for the login
      
20)	As the developer, I want to encapsulate the business logic of logging in by using a Login 
      Controller, so that I can easily allow for signing in via Google and Facebook accounts later on.
      -Separate the login system by using a Login Controller
      
21)	As the user, I want the game to auto-login when I go to the gaming webpage by using the 
      information from the cookie, so that I don’t have to sign in each time I go to the webpage.
      -Add a feature that allows people to auto-login by the use of the cookie
      
22)	As the developer, I want the auto-login to say “Welcome Back, ‘username’!”, so that the system 
      discretely uses the cookie’s information.
      -Add a quick message to the user when they are auto-logged in
      
23)	As the developer, I want the system to be made in a modular way through different components so 
      that games can be added/removed or modified without affecting the rest of the system.
      -While building, add several components to keep things separated for ease of removal/addition of games
      
24)   As a player, I want the games to have a minimal amount of bugs and crashes so that I can play them without interruption.

25)   As a player, I want their to be a large amount of games so that I do not get bored of playing the same few games.

26)   As a player, I want the games to be stable and with few bugs so that the gameplay is consistent with what the developers had in mind.

27)   As a player, I want their to be hidden easter eggs of the developers in the games 
      because it would reward those who look for secrets and make the games more fun.
      
28)   As a player, I want the interface to be fun and nice to look at so that I feel more engaged with the game.

29)   As a player, I want context-driven tutorials that help guide me through the gameplay so I can understand the game.

30)   As a player, I want the help screens to be implemented as bubbles over the help icon 
      so that they are non-intrusive and do not ruin the flow of the game.
      
31)   As a player, I want the error messages to be humorous and light-hearted so that unexpected game crashes don't ruin the fun as much.

32)   As a player, I want the games to be designed with testability in mind so that a new update to the games will not introduce new bugs or regressions.

33)   As a developer, I want the suite of games to be modular and testable so that 
      I can reduce the amount of bugs and regressions created during development.
      
34)   As a player, I want it to be easy for a game to be added so that I can enjoy more games.

35)   As a developer, I want the suite of games to be designed with scalability in mind so that I can more easily add new games and users. 

36) As a client I want secure storage of user information. 


37) As a client, I want to have medium-quality graphics and sounds that allow the player to be immersed in the game. 

38) As a client, I want the users game to load quickly over the internet, so game assets should be less than 100k in size.

39) As a client I want to provide engaging and functional sound design. 

40) As a client I want the player to be informed by game sounds.

41) As a user, I want to be able to mute sounds if I choose

42) As a user I want my preferences to be saved so I do not have to keep selecting the same things

43) As a client, I want all of the games to be playable with one hand using the 4 arrow keys, second hand could be used. 

44) As a client, I want user actions such separate from the game logic so it can easily be modified to accept other types of input. 

45) As a user, I want to be able to pause my games

46) As a client I want to allow my players to be able to resume their game by default when logging in if there is a save file

47) As a user, I want to be able to save my game and have my progress saved so I can resume it later. 

48) As a user, I want to be able to get rid of previous games and start new ones.

